Shadow arrays (#1204)
TuringLang/DynamicPPL.jl: docs/src/vnt/implementation.md

# Implementation

Having discussed what a `VarNamedTuple` _should_ look like, we now turn our attention to how it is constructed.

> The core entry point is a function called `_setindex_optic!!`, which essentially says: 'set the value that can be accessed using this optic, creating it if necessary'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core entry point is a function called `_setindex_optic!!`, which essentially says: "set the value that can be accessed using this optic, creating it if necessary".
```
